The OptionParser object handles keeping track of OptionParameters and parsing
of options.

The class also will set up named options so you can access the OptionParameter
objects as just properties of the object directly.  In PHP, the following code
would be equivalent for a parameter named "testThing".

    $parameter = $parser->get("testThing");
    $parameter = $parser->testThing;

addOption($short, $long, $helpMessage = null, $name = null)
-----------------------------------------------------------

Creates a new OptionParameter.  $short, $long and $helpMessage are passed
directly to OptionParameter's constructor.  $name, if specified, will assign a
name to the object.  Named objects can be retrieved directly as properties and
via the get() method.

autocomplete($boolean)
----------------------

Turn on or off the autocomplete functionality, which lets long options match
shorter phrases, like "--long" would match "--longOption".  By default,
autocomplete is disabled because it could cause confusion or problems.

get($name)
----------

Return a named parameter.  If no parameter exists with the given name, an
Exception is thrown.

getopt()
--------

Return an array or object similar to how PHP's getopt() function works.  It
does this by calling all of the OptionParameter objects that were added and
combining their results.

getValue($name)
---------------

Gets the value from the named parameter.  The following three versions of PHP
code are equivalent.

    $value = $parser->get('test')->value();
    $value = $parser->test->value();
    $value = $parser->getValue('test');

help()
------

Builds a help message that describes all of the options that are available.
Returns it as a large string with a trailing newline.  Builds the message by
calling help() on all of the OptionParameters available.

helpAction($commandLine = '[options]')
--------------------------------------

Builds a very generic help callback that can be used with
OptionParameter->action().  The description of parameters that can be passed on
the command line can be overridden by providing a different $commandLine
variable.


parse($options = null)
----------------------

Parses the options passed to the program.  If $options is null (as I expect it
would be), the options are grabbed from $GLOBALS['argv'] in PHP or process.argv
in JavaScript.  The program name is also parsed out before options.

If $options is an array, the program name is not parsed and the options are
used as-is.

programName()
-------------

Returns the program name, if one was parsed out by not passing anything to the
parse() method.

scanAll($boolean)
-----------------

If true, scan for options across the entire command line.  If false, stop
parsing at the first unknown option.  The default is true.  To better emulate
PHP's getopt() implementation, this needs to be set to false.
